== Class: zabbix::client

Данный класс предоставляет конфигурацию агента zabbix

This class provide zabbix agent configuration

=== Parameters
[*zabbix_server*]
  String of comma delimited IP addresses (or hostnames) of ZABBIX servers.
[*server_port*]
  Server port for sending active checks.
[*hostname*]
  REGUIRED! Unique hostname. Required for active checks.
[*listen_port*]
  Listen port. Default is 10050.
[*listen_ip*]
  IP address to bind agent. If 'false', bind to all available IPs
[*start_agents*]
  Number of pre-forked instances of zabbix_agentd. 1-16
[*refresh_active_checks*]
  How often refresh list of active checks. 2 minutes by default.
[*disable_active_checks*]
  Disable active checks. The agent will work in passive mode listening server.
[*enable_remote_commands*]
  Enable remote commands for ZABBIX agent. By default remote commands disabled.
[*debug_level*]
  Specifies debug level.
[*pid_file*]
  Name of PID file.
[*log_file*]
  Name of log file. If not set, syslog will be used.
[*log_file_size*]
  Maximum size of log file in MB. Set to 0 to disable automatic log rotation.
[*time_out*]
  Spend no more than Timeout seconds on processing. Must be between 1 and 30.
[*user_parameters*]
  List of user-defined monitoring parameters.

=== Actions
- устанавливает пакет zabbix-agent / install 'zabbix-agent' package
- создает конфигурационный файл / create config file
- запускает и контролирует демон zabbix-agent / run and control zabbix-agent daemon

=== Examples
 class {'zabbix::client':
   hostname => 'testtesttest',
   user_parameters => ['mysql.ping,mysqladmin -uroot ping|grep alive|wc -l',
                      'system.test,who|wc -l',
                      'softraid.status,egrep \"\\[.*_.*\\]\" /proc/mdstat|wc -l']
 }
=== Authors
Anton Markelov <doublic@gmail.com> <markelovaa@dalstrazh.ru>

== Class: zabbix

dumb class

